and beat the goalkeeper
to the selection that defends the title
scored rye scored conscience now also does the same hernandez and all
The responsability
the Panamanian footballer the third to arrive
loyal holder to the Costa Rica national team if you fail as
this is over
comes the Hispanic
a defector
He remembered the enormous responsibility of not being able to make mistakes
the leg shot
to the other side
from where it was thrown to the cut of the veteranísimo cheers there with the
very powerful definition
and again
costa rica with the chance to add
new title to your showcase
Before you
for saenz
the sixth title of a plan of costa rica
the responsibility is on the left-handed leg of martín barrantes shirt was
pregnant
in prizes
in this block
the selection of panama
Before asking for divine help
e madrid return to the scene
the editorial of that year
they sell me this type of emissions
the selection of costa rica
a tsuru international miracle of the importance of the group of nations of
uncaf
winning in panama murray reveals revelation but that at the time of
criminals did not have the necessary aim to beat India a great
andy coulson they were not wrong from the penal point rivera rye then with
drought after hernandez and now about the end a man who wanted
rematch that it would be wrong that he had not been able to score
within the regulatory time now if they do what form
barrantes read to victory from penalties with the 4 1 to the selection of
costa rica six mese champion of the cup of nations the center america the most
valuable is evidently for reasons that retained or two criminal
all stopped two penalties and with it Cuba 21 against costa rica will be the champion of
the ncaa
and that continues to demonstrate its hegemony in the area
look no more
has a lot
by hernán medford